SQL add text on pyodbc for MSSQL (#24748)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/sql.markdown

Example Database URL: `"mssql+pyodbc://username:password@SERVER_IP:1433/DB_NAME?charset=utf8&driver=FreeTDS"`

> <div class='note info'>

Reviewer: How would the average user of Home Assistant do this? Around 96% of our users use a container-based setup (Docker, Supervised, OS), and cannot use the linked instructions.

Author: They can't if I understand it correctly.
So I presume you mean I have to clarify this that it only works on non-container setup where you are in control of the operating system to install dependencies?

Reviewer: Yup, we have to make clear if they can do it, if so: how. Otherwise, make clear they can't. If we don't provide this clarity, those people will try to do stuff, that won't work and leads to frustrations.

Connecting with MSSQL requires "pyodbc" to be installed on your system.<br>

> "pyodbc" has special requirements which needs to be pre-installed before installation.<br>

Reviewer: please avoid the use of HTML, in this case `<br>`

> See "pyodbc" wiki for installation instructions: https://github.com/mkleehammer/pyodbc/wiki/Install

Reviewer: Please don't use bare links

Example Database URL: `"mssql+pyodbc://username:password@SERVER_IP:1433/DB_NAME?charset=utf8&driver=FreeTDS"`

<div class='note info'>

> Connecting with MSSQL requires "pyodbc" to be installed on your system which can only be done on non-container based systems where you are in control of the operating system to install the neccessary dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connecting with MSSQL requires "pyodbc" to be installed on your system, which can only be done on systems using the Home Assistant Core installation type to be able to install the necessary dependencies.
```

> "pyodbc" has special requirements which needs to be pre-installed before installation.
>   
> See "pyodbc" [wiki](https://github.com/mkleehammer/pyodbc/wiki/Install) for installation instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"pyodbc" has special requirements which need to be pre-installed before installation, see the ["pyodbc" wiki](https://github.com/mkleehammer/pyodbc/wiki/Install) for installation instructions
```
